Stream Workers - Getting Started revisions (#467)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/enrich-data/enrich-data-with-collection.md

## Create a Stream Worker

> Refer to the [Stream Workers](/cep/index.md) section for an explanation of how stream workers function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about stream workers, refer to the [Stream Workers](index.md).
```

1. [Log in to your Macrometa account](https://auth-play.macrometa.io/).

> 1. Click **Stream Worker**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Stream Workers**.
```

> 1. In the Editor tab, you must define the stream worker. Copy and paste the following code block in the code editor on the Editor tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define the stream worker. Copy and paste the following code block in the code editor on the Editor tab.
```
